from Rookie of the Year 2/3
to
our MVP and beyond he is Kevin Durant
that's like it's not manager it's good I
wanna dunk like Kady why don't we do
this at my house we live closer to the
hospital it's halftime here in Oklahoma
City
[Applause]
[Music]
take this man I'm gonna make that that
shot listen on thank you I appreciate
that yeah I wish I had your talent
[Music]
are you doing in uniform on a shop for
the team again tryouts are over Billy
[Music]
my name's Brian
what is wrong with Kevin Durant are you
guys watching the same thing I'm
watching your terrible dude ever make a
free throw you've been working wouldn't
happen to big fella I can't help you if
you don't tell me what the problem is
I'm in Oslo just give me the rocky out
the waist watch watch
almost working progress I think I know
what your game is gone
somebody took it
the Thunder are on the verge of missing
the playoffs I want to give your town
man got hit believing this nonsense -
show me show me what convinced whoa keep
rubbin keep rapping key brother can I
touch fingers aha
whoa that work that had to work
[Applause]
you